Update theme docs (#6850)
jpmorganchase/salt-ds: site/docs/themes/index.mdx

## How to use themes in Figma

> When using the Salt DS Figma libraries, you can use variable modes to change between 'J.P. Morgan' and ‘Legacy (UITK)'. All components, patterns and styles are compatible with each theme in Salt. The Chase and JPMorganChase themes are provided as extended collections for internal use only.

Reviewer: The single quotes are mixed here. Kind of hard to see...

> When using the Salt DS Figma libraries, you can use variable modes to change between 'J.P. Morgan' and ‘Legacy (UITK)'. All components, patterns and styles are compatible with each theme in Salt. The Chase and JPMorganChase themes are provided as extended collections for internal use only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the Salt DS Figma libraries, you can use variable modes to change between ‘J.P. Morgan’ and ‘Legacy (UITK)’. All components, patterns and styles are compatible with each theme in Salt. The Chase and JPMorganChase themes are provided as extended collections for internal use only.
```
